So, so far we've been working with
React without something called JSX.
Which I'll say again, I don't know anyone
today that ships production React code
that doesn't use JSX, or
really anyone that writes React.
In fact almost every other React
tutorial that I've seen starts with
writing JSX because people don't
know what happens with JSX.
But I'd like starting with that, just so
you understand precisely what JSX is and
is not doing for you.
So let's actually just go and
rewrite a Pet using JSX.
Let's take all this stuff away,
and we're gonna open Pet.js.
So right now we have
Pet.js looking like this.
I'm just gonna rewrite it underneath here,
const Pet equals that, and return,
and then it's a div, and inside of that
div is an h2 with props.name and an h3,
With props.animal.
And an h3 of props.breed.
Okay, and then I'm just gonna comment
that out for a section so you can see,
how I may have to take
them props up there.
These two things are exactly the same.
Do exactly the same thing.
This, when it gets thrown through
Babel and Parcel, outputs this.
So the reason why we went through
this whole exercise is so
that you understand JSX does not
do very much for you, right?
It's just taking these kind of HTML,
XML ish things, and
outputting that as JavaScript
that a browser can understand.
Cuz obviously the browser doesn't
expect to get JSX in it, right?
It doesn't speak HTML inside
of the JavaScript engine.
But this is so
much easier to read than this, right?
Because in reality, we're writing
JavaScript here that imitates markup,
right?
We wanted to output divs and
h2 at the end of the day.
So we kinda have to go through this
abstraction layer in our brain is like,
okay, I'm trying to get
JavaScript that's HTML,
that's gonna be rendered out as HTML.
It'd be nicer if you can just
write the HTML directly and
have your tools figure out exactly
what that code looks like.
So I imagine many of you might look
at this and say l'm writing HTML,
my JavaScript.
We used to write JavaScript in HTML,
and that was a bad idea.
So why is this a good idea now?
Valid question, writing JavaScript in your
HTML was objectively a terrible idea, and
I've done plenty of it in my career.
And I'm not gonna talk about it.
But the reason why I'm okay with this is
just exactly what I was explaining to you
before, is like you're writing
JavaScript to imitate HTML.
It's nice to just write the HTML directly.
I find this 1,000% more
readable than this.
This is just really noisy and
it requires a lot of mental
interpretation to get to this.
It's nice that I can just write this.
So the nice thing here is you
can say id = blah, right?
And this will get transpiled
to this being here id blah.
So it really does just work and
look like HTML.
Okay, we did that.
Let's pop over to App.js now, and
let's rewrite this in JSX.
So the first thing is gonna be a div.
And inside of that div is an h1.
And we'll leave off the id
cuz we don't need it.
Adopt Me, And then underneath that
Adopt Me we have three pet components.
It's gonna have a name= Luna,
animal= dog, and
breed= Havanese.
And then I'm just gonna copy and
paste that three times.
This one is a Bird.
Or sorry, it's a Pepper Bird Cockatiel.
And this is Beam, who's a dog,
who is a Wheaten Terrier.
And then here I'll just
comment all this stuff out.
Now, this has to be all
inside of a return statement.
So I don't know how you feel about this,
but the other one is a little bit more
readable, and I feel like this
is significantly more readable.
Right?
This just reads a lot better that
I can see the div, and h1 and
three pet components
with props going down.
So this is how you do our kind
of custom component here, right?
The user generated component here,
Pet, that you and I made together.
This is how you pass props down to it.
It just looks like normal HTML, right?
Like you say id equals
something like that, right?
You do the same thing to pass down props
to our components that we've made.
Questions about this?
Make sense?
Does it make sense why we use JSX now?
Do we embrace the complexity of JSX?
I know we had to go through a lot of work
to get JSX, but now that we're here,
our code just got so much more readable,
and React gets a lot more fun to write.
Why are you upset about Pet?
That's right.
It's the next thing I need to teach you.
So one thing I'll tell you right now,
eslint is currently failing.
It's because eslint out of the box
doesn't know how to understand React.
So we're gonna have to give us some
additional tools to understand React.
Something else why we did
all this stuff with Babel.
If you've watched previous
versions of this course or
you've used React previously,
you knew that you used to have to always
require React wherever you were using JSX.
That's actually not true anymore
with the latest version of React.
So we can actually delete this top line.
Because now React, or sorry,
Babel is smart enough that anywhere
that it finds JSX, it's like, okay,
you're gonna need React in here, so
it imports it for you automatically.
So just another really
convenient feature here.
We don't have to import React
anymore where we're using JSX.
Because we're not using React directly,
we don't have to import it.